Fixes cloning of RadioField children (#3754)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-radio/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Fix cloning of RadioField child to extend property instead of overriding it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed
  * Fixed cloning of RadioField child to extend property instead of overriding it.
```
